{
"justA": "test"
}
VB EAD 1
We move from the elaborate tutu tree to a sweeping exterior shot of Harewood House.
VB EAD 2
{
"pauseMedia": 6000
}
VB EAD 3
The camera pans to colourful tree decorations, wreaths and a lavish table spread.
VB EAD 4
{
"pauseMedia": 5500
}
VB EAD 5
Shots of the drawing room, bedroom and dining room, each decorated in a bold, maximalist style.
VB EAD 6
{
"pauseMedia": 6000
}
VB EAD 7
Regency-style hats, games and props decorate the furniture.
VB EAD 8
{
"pauseMedia": 6000
}
VB EAD 9
Aerial view of Harewood House, and interior shots of festive rooms.
VB EAD 10
{
"pauseMedia": 6000
}
VB EAD 11
Siobhan flicks her hair playfully towards the camera, standing in front of festive floral decorations.